1	Cloud computing is ?
Cloud computing is the delivery of different services through the Internet. These resources include tools and applications like data storage, servers, databases, networking, and software.

2	What is Cloud Computing replacing?
data centers, costly computer hardware, and software upgrades.

3	Computing refers to applications and services that run on a distributed network using virtualized resources.
Cloud

4	What is private cloud?
Public Cloud - A public cloud is a publicly accessible cloud environment owned by a third-party cloud provider. Generally offered to cloud consumers at a cost or are commercialized via other avenues.
Community Cloud - A community cloud is similar to a public cloud except that its access is limited to a specific community of cloud consumers. The community cloud may be jointly owned by the community members or by a third-party cloud provider.
Private Cloud - Private cloud is a cloud computing environment in which all hardware and software resources are dedicated exclusively to, and accessible only by, a single customer/organization.
Hybrid Clouds - A hybrid cloud is a cloud environment comprised of two or more different cloud deployment models. For example, a cloud consumer may choose to deploy cloud services processing sensitive data to a private cloud and other, less sensitive cloud services to a public cloud.

5	Major type of cloud computing usage?
I—software-as-a-service (SaaS) - SaaS platforms involve software that is available via third-party over the Internet. e. g. Google Workspace, Salesforce, Dropbox.

II-infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) - IaaS works primarily with cloud-based and pay-as-you-go services such as storage, networking and virtualization.
Amazon Web Services
Google Compute Engine (GCE).

III-platform-as-a-service (PaaS) - PaaS focuses primarily on hardware and software tools available over the internet. 
AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
Windows Azure (mainly used as PaaS).
Google App Engine.

6	What company consider before implementing cloud computing technology?
A. Employee satisfaction
B. Potential cost reduction
C. Information sensitivity

7	Which are the essential concept related to Cloud?
Roles and Boundaries

Cloud Provider - The organization that provides cloud-based IT resources is the cloud provider.
cloud consumer - A cloud consumer is an organization (or a human) that has a formal contract or arrangement with a cloud provider to use IT resources made available by the cloud provider
Cloud Service Owner - The person or organization that legally owns a cloud service is called a cloud service owner. The cloud service owner can be the cloud consumer, or the cloud provider that owns the cloud within which the cloud service resides.

The following six specific characteristics are common to the majority of cloud environments:
• on-demand usage
• ubiquitous access - Ubiquitous access represents the ability for a cloud service to be widely accessible.
• multitenancy (and resource pooling) - The characteristic of a software program that enables an instance of the program to serve different consumers (tenants) whereby each is isolated from the other, is referred to as multitenancy. 
• elasticity - Elasticity is the automated ability of a cloud to transparently scale IT resources, as required in response to runtime conditions or as pre-determined by the cloud consumer or cloud provider. 
• measured usage - The measured usage characteristic represents the ability of a cloud platform to keep track of the usage of its IT resources, primarily by cloud consumers
• resiliency - Resilient computing is a form of failover that distributes redundant implementations of IT resources across physical locations

8	Cloud Platform used by Amazon?
Amazon Web Services (AWS)

9	Google Apps Engine is a type of
Google App Engine (GAE) is a platform-as-a-service product that provides web app developers and enterprises with access to Google's scalable hosting and tier 1 internet service.

10	Which  is best known service model?
software, platform, infrastructure (SPI) model
The best-known service models are Software as a Service, Platform as a Service, and Infrastructure as a Service—the SPI model.

11	Amazon Web Services is which type of cloud computing distribution model?
Infrastructure as a Service (IAAS)

12	Algorithm is used by Google to determine the importance of a particular page?
PageRank (PR) is an algorithm used by Google Search to rank web pages in their search engine results.

13	Is BigTable distributed outside of Google? 
No, It is propritery

14	S3 
Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is an object storage service that offers industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance.

15	How many buckets can you create in AWS by default?
By default, customers can provision up to 100 buckets per AWS account. However, you can increase your Amazon S3 bucket limit by visiting AWS Service Limits.

16	Which is second programming language did Google add for App Engine development?
Java

17	companies specializes in cloud computing management tools and services?
RightScale

18	What do you use to send emails with Google App Engine?
SendGrid

19	How many roles does GAE provide to get access to the Admin Console? 
Viewer - View application information. 
Developer - View application information and edit application settings.
Owner - Required to create App Engine applications. All viewer and editor privileges, plus the ability to view deployed source code, invite users, change user roles, and delete an application. Has admin privileges to all resources in the project.

20	unique attributes of Cloud Computing
The following six specific characteristics are common to the majority of cloud environments:
• on-demand usage
• ubiquitous access
• multitenancy (and resource pooling)
• elasticity
• measured usage
• resiliency

21	What are roles in Windows Azure?
Roles are simply servers in layman terms. There are three roles, which are implemented in Windows Azure:
Web Role: It gives a web solution that is completely front-end.
Worker Role: It gives us solutions to all background service. 
Virtual Machine Role: The virtual machines execute the roles of both, web and worker. The Virtual Machine Roles gives the consumer the ability to modify the virtual machine on which the web and worker roles are running.

22	What are the Authentication in AWS
Authentication is how you sign in to AWS using your credentials. You must be authenticated (signed in to AWS) as the AWS account root user, an IAM user, or by assuming an IAM role. 

23	Virtual Machine Ware (VMware) 
Virtual Machine ware(VMware)is an example of IAAS. VMware is a virtualization and cloud computing software provider. With VMware server virtualization, a hypervisor is installed on the physical server to allow for multiple virtual machines (VMs) to run on the same physical server. Each VM can run its own operating system (OS), which means multiple OSes can run on one physical server.

24	A virtual CloudFront OAI stands for what?
Original Archive Identity.

25	What are the benefits of cloud computing?
Reduced Investments and Proportional Costs - Similar to a product wholesaler that purchases goods in bulk for lower price points, public cloud providers base their business model on the mass-acquisition of IT resources that are then made available to cloud consumers via attractively priced leasing packages. 

Increased Scalability - By providing pools of IT resources, along with tools and technologies designed to leverage them collectively, clouds can instantly and dynamically allocate IT resources to cloud consumers, on-demand or via the cloud consumer’s direct configuration. 

Increased Availability and Reliability - The availability and reliability of IT resources are directly associated with tangible business benefits

- When compared to equivalent on-premise environments, clouds provide the potential for reduced initial investments and operational costs. 
• The inherent ability of a cloud to scale IT resources enables organizations to accommodate unpredictable usage fluctuations without being limited by pre-defined thresholds.
• By leveraging cloud environments to make IT resources highly available and reliable, organizations are able to increase quality-of service.


26	What is a cloud?
A cloud refers to a distinct IT environment that is designed for the purpose of remotely provisioning scalable and measured IT resources. 

"The cloud" refers to servers that are accessed over the Internet, and the software and databases that run on those servers. 

27	What are the different data types used in cloud computing?
Some of the different data types used in cloud computing are emails, contracts, images, blogs, text, Boolean, decimal, locale, number, date etc.

28	Which are the different layers that define cloud architecture?
IAAS PAAS SaaS

29	What do you mean by software as a service?


30	What is the platform as a service?


31	What is on-demand functionality?
A cloud consumer can unilaterally access cloud-based IT resources giving the
cloud consumer the freedom to self-provision these IT resources. Once
configured, usage of the self-provisioned IT resources can be automated,
requiring no further human involvement by the cloud consumer or cloud
provider. This results in an on-demand usage environment. Also known as “ondemand self-service usage,” this characteristic enables the service-based and usage-driven features found in mainstream clouds.

32	What are the different models for deployment in cloud computing?
Types of clouds

33	What is the difference between cloud computing and mobile computing?
Mobile Computing - The term “mobile computing” relies on different devices to access information from any location. It largely involves smartphones, laptops, tablets, and web-enabled smart devices. Mobile computing enables employees to work and connect with others from locations outside the office using mobile devices.
Cloud Computing - Cloud computing uses on-demand computing services over the Internet on a pay-as-you-go basis. 

34	What are the security benefits of cloud computing?
Efficient recovery – Cloud computing conveys quicker and more exact recoveries of applications and information. 
Openness – Get to your data wherever, at whatever point. 
Straightforward execution – Cloud encouraging grants an organization to keep up comparative applications and trade shapes without managing with specialized parts of back-end. 
Cost per head – Advancement overhead is kept to a base with cloud encouraging organizations, allowing organizations to utilize additional time and resources to make strides trade system. Versatility for improvement. The cloud is successfully versatile with objective that organizations can include or subtract resources as demonstrated by their necessities. As organizations create, their system will development with them.

35	 What are the basic clouds in cloud computing?
4.4

36	What is a cloud service?
A cloud service is any IT resource that is made remotely accessible via a cloud.

37	What are Hybrid Clouds?


38	What do you mean by CaaS?
Containers as a service (CaaS) is a cloud-based service that allows software developers and IT departments to upload, organize, run, scale, and manage containers by using container-based virtualization.
A container is a package of software that includes all dependencies: code, runtime, configuration, and system libraries so that it can run on any host system. CaaS enables software teams to rapidly deploy and scale containerized applications to high availability cloud infrastructures. 

39	What is a hypervisor in Cloud Computing?
A hypervisor is software that creates and runs virtual machines (VMs). Hypervisors support the creation and management of virtual machines (VMs) by abstracting a computer’s software from its hardware. 

40	Why is cloud computing the future?
1. The Cloud Boosts Speed and Agility
3. It Helps Manage Costs
*BENEFITS


41	What is big data in cloud computing?
Cloud computing provides fundamental support to address the challenges with shared computing resources including computing, storage, networking and analytical software; the application of these resources has fostered impressive Big Data advancements

42	Which delivery model
IASS PAAS SAAS

43	What is Load Balancing in Cloud Computing?
Load balancing is the process of distributing cloud service requests to computing resources in a cloud environment. By using load balancing techniques, service providers can manage the incoming load or application requests by allocating resources between multiple servers, networks, or computers.

44	What types of data are used in cloud computing?
DATA TYPES

45	What is an API gateway?
An API gateway is an API management tool that sits between a client and a collection of backend services. An API gateway acts as a reverse proxy to accept all application programming interface (API) calls, aggregate the various services required to fulfill them, and return the appropriate result.

46	What is edge computing?
Edge computing is a distributed information technology (IT) architecture in which client data is processed at the periphery of the network, as close to the originating source as possible.

48	Virtualization
Virtualization represents a technology platform used for the creation of virtual instances of IT resources. A layer of virtualization software allows physical IT resources to provide multiple virtual images of themselves so that their underlying processing capabilities can be shared by multiple users.

49	LAMP and LAPP
A version where MySQL has been replaced by PostgreSQL is called LAPP, or sometimes by keeping the original acronym, LAMP (Linux / Apache / Middleware (Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby) / PostgreSQL).

50	Enabling Technologies for the IOT
Wireless Sensor Network
Cloud Computing
Big Data Analytics
Embedded System

51	What is UBIQUITOUS Cloud Computing 
Ubiquitous access represents the ability for a cloud service to be widely
accessible. Establishing ubiquitous access for a cloud service can require support for a range of devices, transport protocols, interfaces, and security technologies. To enable this level of access generally requires that the cloud service architecture be tailored to the particular needs of different cloud service consumer. 